I know via taka that's Reno yahoo.com so
we're all using disposable right thing
the environment but now there's billions
plastic and glass and
which are the best one is to choose the
question cannot be answered
that's because
how
Oh
you
well for various different beverages and
situations the first thing I made a
choice about recently is avoiding
plastic and let's specifically marked
most hot beverage containers are number
seven that's polycarbonate the seven
recycle easy on the bottom so i got the
starbucks it was specifically marked
that it was bpa-free which is one of the
toxic chemicals they put plastic
buddy
however
may not
any
I hate
but I do use for half marriage
containers are either stainless steel or
glass now stainless steel just cuz it's
silver doesn't mean it's stainless steel
by the way it could be alone so probably
bottom boy should say that stainless
steel bottom I have two container here
and both of them are cruel remarks team
will steal copy that is also marks table
steel plate so those are healthy there's
nothing to each into your coverage from
stainless steel more isn't anything
going to beat your class this is a nice
bottle and light factory they make chili
beanie ballz and this is named pretty
tall glass which means ability to break
on top of
extra shot glass Walter house creaks Lee
sort of fits around the ball
these flats novels about life back in
our faces
so
this person you want to keep the on top
of your container or not here are three
different tops now this one would be
hard to make to you because you can't
put a tea bag in here very easily we'd
be also a little hard to America's late
for warrants a sports top and that makes
it perfect for the gym this container I
like the best because I could throw it
in my bag and one for the subway in New
York City I don't worry about it nice
job that really close this works for me
about anything else that I am but if
you're not the type of person that's
running for subway it's all the time and
make one of these
this is great up here just rotting the
car down the street and things in the
back these are very convenient for
stepping up so that's a consideration
your shopping
in my case
for going on the subway or the train and
acute my hot beverages and keep me
company and keeping for three seasons of
the air summers the only time I don't
care and lastly add your teacher there's
a really cool stuff out this container
by photo is old but I'm going to use it
as an example the interesting stuff
that's available for this premium player
go to drink tea now this is a piece put
your loose tea and you put your hot
water in this launcher actually lunches
down so you can do your own see in this
container now this one works you know
okay at the top of the field
so I can't take it with me but there is
a great team tears laughing
by the great philosopher who your auntie
on the go margin i wish i had a bit
but it is sleep
considerations without water bottles and
beverage containers and I hope that's
helpful and helping you design what you
would like in your life and what works
for you when it slips a little bottom
and think about I don't really use this
stuff so that you end up finding the
right piece for you that's in the last
three years